Add configuration and wrapper explainers (#10)
autometrics-dev/docs: src/pages/typescript/using-wrappers-and-decorators.mdx

  }
}
```

Alternatively, you can apply the same decorator to the entire class and
instrument all of its methods:

```typescript
// ...
@Autometrics()
export class AppController {
  // ...
  @Get()
  getHello(): string {
    return this.appService.getHello();
  }
}
```

## Browser (Experimental)

<Callout type="warning">
    Support for client-side use of the Autometrics library is still very early and experimental. Things are likely to break in unexpected places.
</Callout>

### Set up the push gateway

In order for Prometheus to succesfully get your client-side app metrics, you
will need to push them to an aggregating push gateway [like this
one](https://github.com/zapier/prom-aggregation-gateway).

Use the `init` function to configure the gateway URL that Autometrics should
push the data to. You can also set the push interval with the `pushInterval`
property (default is every 5000 miliseconds);

```typescript
init({ pushGateway: "<link_to_gateway>" });
```

### Use Autometrics wrapper with options

The same wrapper functions can be used in browser environments. Note that
bundlers often change the names of functions and modules in production, which

> can impact the library.

Author: 👍

import { Callout } from "nextra-theme-docs"

# Using wrappers and decorators

## Node.js

Use the Autometrics wrappers and decorators to instrument the functions you want
to track. Usually it makes sense to wrap functions that are doing some business
logic, making network calls, or are otherwise critical to the service (e.g.:
request handlers or database calls).

### Wrapping plain-old functions

Wrappers are simple functions that wrap the original function declaration and

> instrument it with metrics. They allow the language service plugin to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instrument it with metrics. They also enable the language service plugin to add
```

Does it also enable the VS Code extension to do this?

additional information in the type docs.

Use function wrappers to wrap request handlers, database calls, or other
pieces of important business logic that you want to measure.

<Callout type="info">

>     Wrapped functions must be named. Autometrics will, not affect the wrapped

Reviewer: "Autometrics will, not..." this doesn't make sense

Also might be worth saying something like "named (as opposed to anonymous arrow functions)"

    function but will log an error if it can't access the name of the function.
</Callout>

Example:

```typescript
import { autometrics } from "autometrics";

const createUserWithMetrics = autometrics(async function createUser(payload: User) {
  // ...
});

createUserWithMetrics();
```

### Decorating class methods

When using a decorator for a class method, it is wrapped in additional code that

> instruments the method with OpenTelemetry metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instruments the method with metrics.
```
